1. Example Description
    - This application demonstrates the usage of a subset of Real Time Drivers. It is not part of the production code deliverables.
    - The application includes a Design Studio project, that uses predefined configurations for for the IP layer only (Siul2_Port, Clock_Ip, Ftm_Pwm_Ip...).
    - The example perform basic functionality of Pwm driver.
    1.1 The application software functionality
        - Initialize Clock.
        - Initialize Suil2_Port driver
        - Initialize Ftm_Pwm driver
        - Using basic functionality of Ftm_Pwm driver to control the LED

2. Installation steps
    2.1 Hardware installation
        2.1.1 Supported boards
            - S32K118EVB2-Q048 (PCB 47530 RevX1, SCH RevA1)
        2.2.2 Connections
            - The jumper config (J109) 2-3 Pin closed.
            - The example will control the led brightness and blink RGB LED (PTD15 - LED_GREEN)
        2.2.3 Debugger
            The pemicro must be connected to Debugger J7 Open SDA connector.
    2.2 Software installation
        2.2.1 Importing the S32 Design Studio project
            After opening S32 Design Studio, go to "File -> New -> S32DS Project From Example" and select this example. Then click on "Finish".
            The project should now be copied into you current workspace.

3. Generating, building and running the example application
    3.1 Generating the S32 configuration
        Before running the example a configuration needs to be generated.  First go to Project Explorer View in S32 DS and select the current project. 
        Select the "S32 Configuration Tool" menu then click on the desired configuration tool (Pins, Clocks, Peripherals etc...). 
        Clicking on any one of those will generate all the components. 
        Make the desired changes (if any) then click on the "S32 Configuration Tool->Update Code" button.
    3.2 Compiling the application
        Select the configuration to be built: FLASH (Debug_FLASH) by left clicking on the downward arrow corresponding to the build button in eclipse.
        Use Project > Build to build the project.
        Wait for the build action to be completed before continuing to the next step. Check the compiler console for error messages; upon completion, the *.elf binary file
        should be created.
    3.3 Running the application on the board
        Go to Run and select Debug Configurations. There will be a debug configuration for this project:

        Configuration Name                  Description
        -------------------------------     -----------------------
        $(example)_debug_flash_pemicro      Debug the FLASH configuration using PEmicro probe

        Select the desired debug configuration and click on Launch. Now the perspective will change to the Debug Perspective.
        Use the controls to control the program flow.